Update Natspec and migration doc (#903)
OffchainLabs/nitro: docs/migration/dapp_migration.md

- **Safer Retryable tickets 🥳**: Retryable tickets' submission cost is collected in the L1 Inbox contract; if the submission cost is too low, the transaction will simply revert on the L1 side, eliminating the [failure mode](https://developer.offchainlabs.com/docs/l1_l2_messages#important-note-about-base-submission-fee) in which a retryable ticket fails to get created. 

- **Calldata compression 🥳**: Compression takes place protocol level; dapps don't need to change anything, data will just get cheaper! (You are charged even less if your calldata is highly compressible with brotli.)

- **Support for All Ethereum L1 precompiles 🥳**: (`blake2f`, `ripemd160`, etc)

- **Tighter Syncronization with L1 Block Numbers 🥳**:  L1 block number (accessed via `block.number` on L2) are updated more frequently in Nitro than in Arbitrum classic; expect them to be nearly real-time/ in sync with L1. 

- **Frequent Timestamps 🥳**:  Timestamps (accessed via `block.timestamp` on L2) are updated every block based on the sequencer’s clock, it is no longer linked to the timestamp of the last L1 block.

> - **L2 Block hash EVM Consistency 🥳**: L2 block hashes take the same format as on Ethereum (if you query it from the ArbSys precompile, not the one in `block.hash(uin256)`).

Reviewer: `uint256`

    - Auto-redeem will not be created if the user does not have enough balance to pay for `gasFeeCap * gasLimit` (meaning you can no longer set a max gas fee cap).
    - Deposited gas will be refunded to `excessFeeRefundAddress` if it cannot create an auto-redeem.
    - The user will be refunded the submission cost of their retryable if it is auto-redeemed.

>     - The retryable ticket id is now the retryable creation tx hash; with arbitrum sdk you can retrieve it with `L1ToL2Message.retryableCreationId` or calculate it by calling [L1ToL2Message.calculateSubmitRetryableId](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/arbitrum-sdk/blob/105bf73cb788231b6e63c510713f460b36699fcd/src/lib/message/L1ToL2Message.ts#L109-L155)
>     - The retryable redemption hash is no longer deterministic solely based on the retryable ticket id; it is now a hash of the transaction input like a normal transaction 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The lifecycle of retryable tickets are now tracked differently. Previously there was a retryable ticket ID, which could be used to deterministically generate the expected tx hash. In Nitro, you instead have a retryable creation tx hash (which can be retrieved by the SDK's `L1ToL2Message.retryableCreationId` or calculated by calling  [L1ToL2Message.calculateSubmitRetryableId](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/arbitrum-sdk/blob/105bf73cb788231b6e63c510713f460b36699fcd/src/lib/message/L1ToL2Message.ts#L109-L155)). This value does not directly map into an expected tx hash where it was redeemed. You need to instead listen to the [RedeemScheduled](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro/blob/ec70ed7527597e7e1e8380a59c07e8449885e408/contracts/src/precompiles/ArbRetryableTx.sol#L85-L93) event, which tells you the expected `retryTxHash` of that attempt.
    - The retryTxHash is no longer deterministic solely based on the retryable ticket id; it is now a hash of the transaction input like a normal transaction (following the [Typed Tx Envelope standard](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2718))
```

Reviewer 3: @gzeoneth
